after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is cnix  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
logout
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
after longin, eid is cass,user is admin  
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
set_session abcd
